Add Pix account support (#84)
fiatconnect/specification: fiatconnect-api.md

	`MobileMoney`,
	`DuniaWallet`,
	`IBANNumber`,
	`IFSCAccount`,

>   `PIXAccount`

Reviewer: nit: indentation

### 9.3.2. Fiat Account Schemas

> All Fiat Account Schemas supported by FiatConnect (except `PIXAccount`) MUST contain the `accountName`, `institutionName`, and `fiatAccountType` fields. `accountName` is a friendly, user-definable name for the account.

Reviewer 2: seems like `accountName` is still just as useful for PixAccount as any other kind of account. Did you think `institutionName` is less useful because it's only for Brazilian Central Bank? If so, you could consider just adding the condition that `institutionName` must equal "Brazilian Central Bank". I'd prefer that over a 1-off exemption for PIXAccount for these required fields.

Author: I think you are right. I had understood these fields for another purpose. I will fix that

Reviewer 2: thanks

The `accountNumber` field is unique between individuals and no two banks or account holders can have the same account number.
Banks use different starting codes for their branches for differentiation. (In India, bank account numbers usually contain 7 to 21 digits.)

#### 9.3.2.6. `PIXAccount`

> `PIXAccount`  egg. [PIX](https://www.bcb.gov.br/estabilidadefinanceira/pix) is the Brazilian instant payment. The payment method created by the Central Bank (BC) in which funds are transferred between accounts in a few seconds, at any time or day. It's practical, fast and safe. Pix can be carried out from a checking account, savings account or prepaid payment account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`PIXAccount`  egg. [PIX](https://www.bcb.gov.br/estabilidadefinanceira/pix) is a Brazilian instant payment method created by the Central Bank (BC) in which funds are transferred between accounts in a few seconds, at any time or day. Pix transfers can be carried out from a checking account, savings account or prepaid payment account.
```
Trimmed this down a little-- let's keep the description focused on what's needed for operating or consuming a FiatConnect API.

```
{
  keyType: `PIXKeyTypeEnum`,
  key: `string`,
  fiatAccountType: `FiatAccountTypeEnum.BankAccount`
}
```

##### 9.3.2.6.1. `PIXKeyTypeEnum`

`keyType` MUST be one of the following values:

```
[
  `EMAIL`,
  `CPF`,
  `PHONE`,
  `RANDOM`
]
```

> Depending on the type of key, the `key` field follows some validation rules. It MUST be an email, [CPF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CPF_number), mobile number (including area code) or a random key respectively.

Reviewer 2: are there any restrictions on what qualifies for a random key? For instance, is it necessarily alphanumeric, or at least X characters long?

Author: 32 alphanumeric.

The `accountNumber` field is unique between individuals and no two banks or account holders can have the same account number.
Banks use different starting codes for their branches for differentiation. (In India, bank account numbers usually contain 7 to 21 digits.)

#### 9.3.2.6. `PIXAccount`

`PIXAccount`  egg. [PIX](https://www.bcb.gov.br/estabilidadefinanceira/pix) is a Brazilian instant payment method created by the Central Bank (BC) in which funds are transferred between accounts in a few seconds, at any time or day. Pix transfers can be carried out from a checking account, savings account or prepaid payment account.

```
{
  accountName: `string`,
	institutionName: `string`,

>   keyType: `PIXKeyTypeEnum`,

Reviewer: nit: indentation

  key: `string`,
  fiatAccountType: `FiatAccountTypeEnum.BankAccount`
}
```

##### 9.3.2.6.1. `PIXKeyTypeEnum`

`keyType` MUST be one of the following values:

```
[
  `EMAIL`,
  `CPF`,
  `PHONE`,
  `RANDOM`
]
```

> Depending on the type of key, the `key` field follows some validation rules. It MUST be an email, [CPF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CPF_number), mobile number (including area code) or a random (32 alphanumeric characters) key respectively. A random key is generated by bank.

Reviewer: Can you provide a specific format for mobile numbers? Is [E.164](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E.164) acceptable?

The `accountNumber` field is unique between individuals and no two banks or account holders can have the same account number.
Banks use different starting codes for their branches for differentiation. (In India, bank account numbers usually contain 7 to 21 digits.)

#### 9.3.2.6. `PIXAccount`

> `PIXAccount`  egg. [PIX](https://www.bcb.gov.br/estabilidadefinanceira/pix) is a Brazilian instant payment method created by the Central Bank (BC) in which funds are transferred between accounts in a few seconds, at any time or day. Pix transfers can be carried out from a checking account, savings account or prepaid payment account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`PIXAccount` is a fiat account type for [PIX](https://www.bcb.gov.br/en/financialstability/pix_en), a Brazilian instant payment method created by the Brazilian Central Bank in which funds are transferred between accounts in a few seconds, at any time or day. Pix transfers can be carried out from a checking account, savings account or prepaid payment account.
```
I rephrased this for clarity, removed a typo (egg. instead of e.g.? but e.g. means 'for example' so it didn't make sense there anyway, I just removed it), and replaced a portuguese informative reference with one in English. The spec is written in English, so all informative references should also be in English, where possible.

```
{
  accountName: `string`,
  institutionName: `string`,
  keyType: `PIXKeyTypeEnum`,
  key: `string`,
  fiatAccountType: `FiatAccountTypeEnum.BankAccount`
}
```

##### 9.3.2.6.1. `PIXKeyTypeEnum`

`keyType` MUST be one of the following values:

```
[
  `EMAIL`,
  `CPF`,
  `PHONE`,
  `RANDOM`
]
```

> Depending on the type of key, the `key` field follows some validation rules. It MUST be an email, [CPF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CPF_number), mobile number (including area code) or a random (32 alphanumeric characters) key respectively. A random key is generated by bank. The mobile number follows the [Brazilian telephone number standard](https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/N%C3%BAmeros_de_telefone_no_Brasil). Example: DD9XXXXXXXX or 55DD9XXXXXXXX

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `keyType` is `EMAIL`, `key` MUST be a [valid email](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Email_address#Syntax).

If `keyType` is CPF, `key` MUST be a [CPF number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CPF_number).

If `keyType` is `PHONE`, `key` MUST be an 11-digit [Brazilian mobile phone number](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telephone_numbers_in_Brazil). Area code MUST be included. The string MUST match the regex `/[0-9]{11}/` (a series of 11 digits, 0 through 9).

Otherwise, if `keyType` is `RANDOM`, `key` MUST be a string of 32 alphanumeric characters. (In this last case, the key represents a random key generated by the user's bank.) 
```
I rewrote this section to make it clear what rules exist for each `keyType`, and replace another non-english reference with an english one

Reviewer 2: I also went on a limb and suggested an exact format for the phone numbers

]
```

> Depending on the type of key, the `key` field follows some validation rules. It MUST be an email, [CPF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CPF_number), mobile number (including area code) or a random (32 alphanumeric characters) key respectively. A random key is generated by bank. The mobile number follows the [Brazilian telephone number standard](https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/N%C3%BAmeros_de_telefone_no_Brasil). Example: DD9XXXXXXXX or 55DD9XXXXXXXX

Author: @jophish specification .
